High in this video we are going to talk about one of the most important applications of our network.
So this is the optical correct or recognition.
So let's suppose the situation when we have an image and we want to find out what correcter it is.
So what's going to be the input layer for an hour on network for example if we have an eight times 8
pixel image eight times eight is equal to 64 so there's going to be 64 pixels.
So in this situation we have 64 inputs.
Now we're on.
And the output layer we will have 26 output now owns because in the English alphabet there are 26 correctors.
OK if we want to classify for example digit.
Of course we will have 10 output.
Now we ons for the 0 1 2 3 4 up to 9.
But if we want to classify correctors there are going to be 26 output now owns and it's quite important
because we can do this optical character recognition where the heart of a single hidden layer we are
going to implement optical character recognition.
So we will see.
So let's suppose that we have something like this one pixel to pixel three four five.
It is a five times five big so image.
So there are twenty five pixels in there to get an image and we humans know that.
OK.
It's quite easy.
This is the number nine and you may post a question that.
OK how are we going to represent this 9.
We are going to represent it like this one.
I imagine the array layer by layer.
It is a zero because it is.
Let's suppose the faggot is a black and white image.
So this is white.
Then the next one is black.
So that's why this black black and the black again that this is why there are three wands right next
to each other.
Then the next pixel is white again the white is the zero.
The black is the one as you can see then a white again.
So 0 then black which is 1 and 0 which is white and so on.
This is how we are going to represent a 5 by 5 pixel image we have of one the image of an array.
And how are we going to encode the output.
We are going to encode the output in binary we will have if we want to classify digits for example then
we have a string of bits basically and the lengths is going to be one to three four five six seven eight
nine ten because we can classify 10 items 0 1 2 3 4 and so on.
So the 0 will be encoded like this.
The first one is one and then 0 0 0 0 1 is going to be the 0 1 0 0 0 2 is going to be 0 0 1 and so on.
You may pose the question that why don't we assign 0 for example of the 0 Dan or 1 Danny.
Two and three and so on.
So why don't we have a single output.
Now we're on.
That's because the sigmoid function can have the value in the range 0 and 1.
And we are going to initialize the edge weights in the range 0 when and won.
So if we have the edge weights in the range 0 and 1 and if we have the activation function that can
have the World 0 and 1 of course the output never be greater than one.
It can be one at the most.
So that's why we have to encode 1 2 3 4 5 and so 1 in a binary format.
But it is working very very fine.
And this is the usual approach.
This is how scientists do it.
OK.
So this is what we are going to implement in the last chapter.
Thanks for watching.